# Capstone-Ganzkörper

  Capstone Two will be a fitness tracking web application written using React and Node.js for the frontend and backend, respectively. The fitness tracker will have a frontend focus through the use of an easy-to-update UI. Users will be able to easily track and monitor their workout progression through the app and have access to a database of exercises all in one web space. This app is ready to assist users, regardless of age or background, with an interest in data-driven health and self-improvement. The app will be powered by the wger API.
  
  Diving into the technical, the database will be Postgres and I will likely use an ORM, such as Sequelize or Prisma,to manage database processes. As far as sensitive data, users should be protected by hashing passwords before storing them in the database. Potential API issues may include data inconsistencies or changes to the API structure over time. These should be regularly tested for through unit testing. Should an error arise, the GET routes should be updated accordingly.
  
  Functionally, the app will contain a home, login, signup, preferences, exercises, and dashboard routes. The homepage will be where the user is greeted and prompted to login or signup. After doing so, a user will be directed towards their dashboard and can view exercise data from previous visits or add new workouts. Users will be able to easily update data from each exercise contained within a workout and track graphical progression over time. With the exercise search feature, users can learn to perform exercises available through [API Ninjas](https://api-ninjas.com/api/exercises).
  
  In order to make this app more than CRUD, I would like to emphasize the graphical analysis available to users, which will convert their interval biometric data into measurable wellness insights. As far as stretch goals, I would like to create a buttonless exercise component that will toggle from static to dynamic to update exercise data (sets, reps, weights, or time) using the onClick or a similar handler.
